Fix/tec 3009 start end time same (#1258)
moderntribe/tribe-common: readme.txt

* Fix - Fix style overrides for new view shortcodes for Genesis theme. [ECP-316]
* Fix - Fix style overrides for new view shortcodes for Enfold theme. [ECP-315]

> * Tweak - Update `adjustStart` function in moment.js to allow start and end time to be the same. [TEC-3009]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Update `adjustStart()` function in moment.js to allow start and end time to be the same. [TEC-3009]
```

> * Tweak - Update adjust start function in moment utils to allow start and end time to be the same. [TEC-3009]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Update `adjustStart` function in moment.js to allow start and end time to be the same. [TEC-3009]
```

> * Tweak - Update `adjustStart()` function in moment.js to allow start and end time to be the same. [TEC-3009]

Author: @sc0ttkclark the `adjustStart` function is actually from our own moment utils, not from `moment.js`. So how I had written it previously is correct.

Author: merging to unblock https://github.com/moderntribe/the-events-calendar/pull/2998. see https://github.com/moderntribe/tribe-common/pull/1260
